hey what's going on youtube its boost
tech here and today we're going to be
looking at the dell optiplex GX 270 so
this is quite an old model from dr.
beliefs from about 2002 2003 times so
yep it's a pretty simple you know today
I'm gonna be showing you how to change
the RAM does anyone do you may want to
be wanting to change the RAM you may
want to update the RAM to add more RAM
sticks or you may not just be placed in
the RAM because it's faulty or broken or
whatever but this is how to actually
access the compartment for the RAM so
what you want to do is firstly turn the
unit around so it's facing you back like
so and then on the side of each of the
actual em now you'll not see this - um
well - push button on each side so use
the first push button right there and
then on the other side there is a
another one right over there
so all God do is simply flip those
buttons over and it will take to do this
and it's got a single thing about these
dowels are using particular access to
the main body of the computer without
having to on school or in rem besides
which i think is a very good design it's
the very first thing you want to do is
ground yourself by touching the exterior
or interior metal casing of the actual
PC so once you've done that you'll
notice that there is access to the
actual round here so let's take a look
so here's the ramp so this is the base
it would be basically the motherboard of
the Dell and you'll see you'll notice
that the RAM stick so actually here
there's two of them and I blew their 256
megabytes each which would have been
shipped stuck with the actual dark
computer so obviously nothing because
lighting gigs or anything because this
is quite an old computer so this is
pretty much kept the same mmm haven't
I've never updated it or removed it so
it's pretty much stuck
and the first thing you'll notice that
there's this clips you see can add more
room if you want I believe looking up to
about four gigs of RAM in this unit in
each compartment thereby adding one gig
each so the first thing one do is pull
up the clips ESS - clickers one here and
this one over there
so I want to do is simply just pull that
down and pull the other one down and the
RAM just gently be able to pull that
like so and that is pretty much the ramp
there and to me the other one you just
do the very much the very same thing so
you pull that down and you pull the
other one down and it should pop out of
place so there you go they are the two
room sticks right there so this leaves
the compartment bay open services in the
room in that moment and basically to
insert the RAM back into the computer
you simply just put it in the slot there
if he decides to go in tell me a bit
finish to put in on phone do it with one
hand at the moment so she'll be back in
there and you want to push it down to
kicks back into place like that and
you'll notice that both clips once
you've pressed it down should come and
retract back into place and this will be
the same thing with the other one same
people try and leave a gap between RAM
if you only put in two steps where I'm
trying to have a gap between them if you
don't have them too close together so
you only the same thing with the other
Ram or the stick of RAM and just simply
press it down and let it pop into place
and both clips should come back up so
once you've done that guy's pretty fun
just make sure one more press down to
make sure the RAM is completely secure
and then you just simply wait to close
the lid back down again and this can be
quite easy this is easier to close as
are easier to open is to close you have
to give it quite a slam down when you
want to close this unit so
we left it press it down to get it to go
right the way down so that can be
frustrating at times but eventually I'll
come straight back down like so and then
that is how to change or update the RAM
in a Dell Optiplex GX 270 so this is Ben
boost ekia thank you for watching rate
comment subscribe present-day bye for
now and if you wish to see any more
computer videos or computing videos
please don't hesitate to leave a comment
down in the comment section below thank
you for watching